Moses became a shepherd of the flock of his father-in-law,
Jethro, the priest of Midian.
While he was leading the flock to the west side of the wilderness,
he eventually came to the mountain of the true God to Horel.
Then Jehovah's Angel appeared to him in a flame of fire
in the midst of a thorn bush.
As he kept looking, he saw that the thorn bush was on fire
and yet the thorn bush was not consumed.
So Moses said,
I will go over to inspect this unusual site
to see why the thorn bush does not burn up.
When Jehovah saw that he went over to look,
God called to him out of the thorn bush and said,
Moses, Moses, to which he said,
Here I am.
Then he said,
Do not come any nearer.
Remove your sandals from your feet
because the place where you are standing is holy ground.
He went on to say,
I am the God of your father, the God of Abraham,
the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.
Then Moses hid his face because he was afraid to look at the true God.
Jehovah added,
I have certainly seen the affliction of my people who are an Egypt.
And I have heard their outcry because of those who forced them to work.
I will know the pains they suffer.
I will go down to rescue them out of the hand of the Egyptians
and to bring them up out of that land to a land good and spacious,
a land flowing with milk and honey,
the territory of the Canaanites, the Hittites,
the Amorites, the Parasites, the Highvites, and the Jebusites.
Now look, the outcry of the people of Israel has reached me.
And I have seen also the harsh way that the Egyptians are pressing them.
Now come, I will send you to Pharaoh,
and you will bring my people the Israelites out of Egypt.